c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.exe.config
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.exe
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.pdb
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Login.resources
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.exe
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.pdb
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Dashboard.resources
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.PrintInvoice.resources
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuButton.dll
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuTextBox.dll
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuButton.xml
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuTextBox.xml
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.exe.licenses
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.1.5.3.dll
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuImageButton.dll
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.1.5.3.xml
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuImageButton.xml
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuDataGridView.dll
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuLabel.dll
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuPanel.dll
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuDataGridView.xml
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuLabel.xml
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuPanel.xml
c:\users\kabash\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Main.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Orders.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuDatePicker.dll
C:\Users\KABASH\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuDropdown.dll
C:\Users\KABASH\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuDatePicker.xml
C:\Users\KABASH\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuDropdown.xml
C:\Users\KABASH\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Categories.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Products.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Settings.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Splash.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.AddCategory.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.AddProduct.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\KABASH\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\KABASH\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.AllOrders.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.exe.config
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.exe
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.pdb
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.exe
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.pdb
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.1.5.3.xml
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuButton.xml
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuDataGridView.xml
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuDatePicker.xml
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuDropdown.xml
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuImageButton.xml
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuLabel.xml
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuPanel.xml
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuTextBox.xml
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.AddCategory.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.AddProduct.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.AllOrders.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Categories.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Dashboard.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Main.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Login.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Orders.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.PrintInvoice.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Products.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Settings.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Splash.resources
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.exe.licenses
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\KABASH\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.exe.config
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.exe
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.pdb
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.exe
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.pdb
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.dll
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.1.5.3.xml
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuButton.xml
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuDataGridView.xml
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuDatePicker.xml
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuDropdown.xml
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuImageButton.xml
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuLabel.xml
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuPanel.xml
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuTextBox.xml
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.AddCategory.resources
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.AddProduct.resources
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.AllOrders.resources
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Categories.resources
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Dashboard.resources
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Main.resources
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Login.resources
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Orders.resources
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.PrintInvoice.resources
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Products.resources
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Settings.resources
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.Splash.resources
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.exe.licenses
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.ShopKeepers.resources
C:\Users\TechyBash\Desktop\FTHGCentralStore\FTHGCentralStore\obj\Debug\FTHGCentralStore.AddShopKeeper.resources
